Add Procedure for Deleting a Worker Queue (#1304)
astronomer/docs: astro/configure-deployment-resources.md

> After you create an Astro Deployment, you can modify its resource settings to make sure that your tasks have the CPU and memory required to complete successfully.

Reviewer: We probably also need to document how to update a Deployment's name, description, and alert email in the **Details** tab, but we can save that for another PR

Author: @jwitz I have add procedures for these tasks.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Worker queues 

Worker queues are a set of configurations that apply to a group of workers in your Deployment. Each Deployment includes a required `default` worker queue for running tasks, but you can configure additional worker queues to fine tune how much CPU and memory your tasks can consume. To learn how to create, update, and delete worker queues, see [Configure worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md).
```
Feel free to update my wording, but we definitely need to link out to the worker queue guide from here. This also means we don't have to set up a redirect for `configure-deployment.md#worker-queues`

If you haven't created a Deployment, see [Create a Deployment](create-deployment.md).

> ### Edit scheduler settings 

Reviewer: This is now the only `###` header under `## Edit Deployment resource settings`. Might make sense to:

- Remove `Edit Deployment resource settings`
- Put `Edit scheduler settings` under `Scheduler resources`

Author: Done.

> 1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace and then select a Deployment.

Reviewer: It looks like this has already changed since I last documented it, or I got it totally wrong the first time 🤯 Can't suggest it, but these steps need to be:

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace and then select a Deployment.
2. Click the **Details** tab.
3. Click **Edit Details**. 
4. Edit the scheduler resource settings. See [Scheduler resources](#scheduler-resources).
5. Click **Update**.

Author: Done

You can change all settings of the default worker queue except for its name.

### Create a worker queue

:::cli

> If you prefer, you can also run the `astro deployment worker-queue create` command in the Astro CLI to create a worker queue. See the [CLI Command Reference](cli/astro-deployment-worker-queue-create.md).

Reviewer: Instead of having three separate callouts, would it make sense to have a single callout after `Worker queue settings` with all three commands listed? It looks a bit crowded in the site preview in its current state.

Author: @jwitz if there is a single callout, it might be missed by users jumping to a specific procedure.

:::

> ### Update a worker queue

Reviewer: We already have this section documented in "Edit worker queue settings" below. We should chose only one to keep. My personal choice is to split this doc by "Getting started" / "update settings", meaning we'd move this content down into "Edit Deployment resource settings"

Author: @jwitz the fact that I missed the existing procedure indicates that related information is not currently grouped correctly.  In my opinion all worker queue procedures should be together and not distributed randomly.

:::cli
If you prefer, you can also run the `astro deployment worker-queue update` command in the Astro CLI to update a worker queue. See the [CLI Command Reference](cli/astro-deployment-worker-queue-update.md).
:::

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace and then select a Deployment.

2. Click the **Worker Queues** tab.

3. Click **Edit** for the worker queue that you want to update.

4. Update the worker queue settings, and then click **Update Queue**.

> ### Delete a worker queue

Reviewer: If we move the "Update queue" content to further on in the doc, I think we should move this topic with it. If you think we should keep all worker queue content together, perhaps we should consider creating a new doc just for worker queue content. Currently, it feels a bit out of place to have a large topic on queues in this more general page.

Author: @jwitz as discussed in the stand up, all worker queue content should be moved to a discrete topic.

:::cli
If you prefer, you can also run the `astro deployment worker-queue delete` command in the Astro CLI to delete a worker queue. See the [CLI Command Reference](cli/astro-deployment-worker-queue-delete.md).
:::

:::info

> All tasks assigned to a worker queue after it's deleted remain in the queue and won't execute. To modify the settings of a worker queue, update the worker queue instead of deleting it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All tasks assigned to a worker queue after it's deleted remain in the queue and won't execute. To avoid stalled task runs, ensure that you reassign all tasks from a worker queue before deleting it.
```
